a study reports that americans die each year as a result of secondhand smoke .
he came back not because he was homesick but because he was running short of money .
the sudden increase of cars is causing a large number of traffic accidents every day .
they usually have breakfast at half past seven o clock and eat their lunch at twelve .
all happy families resemble each other each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way .
democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried .
democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried .
don t you want to put in another disc ? we ve been listening to this one for two hours .
when we have a family argument my husband always sides with his mother instead of me .
 i think tom stole my drink . really ? i don t think he d ever do something like that . 
eat a live frog every morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day .
i hope all but one of your dreams come true so you always have something to strive for .
tom could think about nothing but mary in the early stages of his relationship with her .
as the iron was heating up mary poured distilled water into the reservoir to make steam .
do you know the reason why two thirds of the students did not attend the student meeting ?
in most elections whichever candidate gets the majority of the votes wins the election .
if that boy had not been killed in the traffic accident he would be a college student now .
it is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder .
the newspaper began to lose readers when it dispensed with one of its most popular writers .
the newspaper began to lose readers when it dispensed with one of its most popular writers .
lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others which ensures they will always be lonely .
south guelderish is a dialect of dutch spoken in the german state of north rhine westphalia .
worrying is like a rocking chair it gives you something to do but doesn t get you anywhere .
abraham lincoln the th president of the united states was born in a log cabin in kentucky .
it s important for parents to be on the same page when it comes to disciplining their children .
after she filled out the application the records clerk told her that the fee was eight dollars .
the day old chicks cheeped shrilly as their mother returned to the nest with a beak full of food .
as an overweight woman mary has experienced many incidents of people judging her based on her size .
i don t know if it was because of the late hour or because of the rain but there was no one around .
my parents usually speak to each other in french even though my mother is a native english speaker .
the entire area of the dutch province of flevoland used to lie on the bottom of the sea before .
the super nintendo s graphics are amazing . they re so much better than those of the original nintendo .
when you watch television or listen to the radio the music which you hear is often african in origin .
some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of english to learn chinese but i disagree .
tom had no idea as he set off for the party that he was going to meet the love of his life that night .
the trouble with the world isn t that people know too little but they know so many things that ain t so .
what s important isn t which university you ve graduated from but what you learned while you were there .
what is important is not which university you ve graduated from but what you ve learned in the university .
when i was a kid touching bugs didn t bother me a bit . now i can hardly stand looking at pictures of them .
we can t leave our tents on the beach where they are now . if we do they ll be under water during high tide .
a man touched down on the moon . a wall came down in berlin . a world was connected by our own science and imagination .
i ve opened many facebook and twitter accounts since . i now have six facebook accounts and fifteen twitter accounts .
it s very easy to sound natural in your own native language and very easy to sound unnatural in your non native language .
the world s first ferris wheel was built in chicago . it was named after its contructor george washington gale ferris jr .
 jingle bells a popular song around christmas time is not really a christmas song . the lyrics say nothing about christmas .
mary thought to herself that she ought to buy a new cover for the ironing board since the old one was getting pretty tattered .
always use distilled water in steam irons because using ordinary water will cause a mineral build up over time that will clog the steam holes .
the tatoeba project which can be found online at tatoeba .org is working on creating a large database of example sentences translated into many languages .
if someone who doesn t know your background says that you sound like a native speaker it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren t a native speaker . in other words you don t really sound like a native speaker 
